documentation/requirement_specification.md, before:

# Requirement specification

## The purpose of this software

This software is going to be a simple simulator/game, in which the player has to trade stocks in (badly) simulated companies to make more money.

## UI

### The ui is going to be comprised from three different views;

Main menu, in which the player either starts the game, or creates new companies for the game.

Game screen, in which the player plays the game. Player sees their money and the stocks they have/can have.

Company creator screen, in which player enters parameters for their custom company which will appear in the game.

## Features

### At start

-Core gameplay; selling and buying stocks in companies trying to predict where the market is going.

-Company creation; the creation of custom companies for future games (can both create and delete companies)

### Most likely to be added in future

-Saving companies and hiscores in a database

-Time forwarding; more gameticks/sec

-Chart for past company performance

-Custom, bad music

### Most likely not added in future, but still could appear

-Different kinds of companies; dividend-paying companies as opposed to non dividend-paying ones

-Realistic mode with stock prices taken from the internet.

-Custom, good music

Commit message:

last commit, added and updated some documentation and some new features regarding files being present when game is started

documentation/requirement_specification.md, after:

# Requirement specification

## The purpose of this software

This software is going to be a simple simulator/game, in which the player has to trade stocks in (badly) simulated companies to make more money.

## UI

### The ui is going to be comprised from four different views;

Main menu, in which the player either starts the game or switches the view to company creator or hi-scores

Game screen, in which the player plays the game. Player sees their money and the stocks they have/can have. Player can also retire which inserts current score into leaderboards

Company creator screen, in which player enters parameters for their custom company which will appear in the game.

Hi-Scores screen, in which player can see the achiements of those who played before them

## Future development ideas 

-Some sort of global index that controls all other indexes (so that it is not so random, and maybe player actions could affect this global index?)

-Realistic mode that fetches data from real stocks from the internet

-Give Company-class different chance to go from positive to negative than from negatie to positive (i reaaally should have done this, but i was lazy :d)

-Force companies to start doing well when they hit zero (so that they do not stay at zero for too long)
